README.md, before:

 SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint
================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint)

## About

This linter plugin for [SublimeLinter][docs] provides an interface to [julialint](https://github.com/tonyhffong/Lint.jl). It will be used with files that have the “julia” syntax. Currently, it takes some time until it lints, because of the start-up time of the linter, but it should improve with time independently of this linter.

## Installation
SublimeLinter 3 must be installed in order to use this plugin. If SublimeLinter 3 is not installed, please follow the instructions [here][installation].

### Linter installation
Before using this plugin, you must ensure that you have a usable instance of `julia` and have installed a `Lint` package. To install `Lint`, do the following:

1. Open Julia.

2. Input the following:
   ```
   Pkg.update()
   Pkg.add("Lint")
   ```

### Linter configuration

To make it working you need to specify path to your executable of `Julia` and edit the script within the package content. Do the following:

1. Go to `Sublime Text -> Preferences -> Package Settings -> SublimeLinter -> Settings User`

2. Add to paths variable path to your executable of julia:
    - **OS X**: Something like "osx": ["/Applications/julia-0.3.5.app/Contents/Resources/julia/bin"] if you have the binaries (the number changes based on the version) or if you have installed manually you should be able to figure out what path to add.
    - **Linux**: if anyone has an example let me know to include it here.
    - **Windows**: you should locate julia.exe .

### Plugin installation
Please use [Package Control][pc] to install the linter plugin. This will ensure that the plugin will be updated when new versions are available. If you want to install from source so you can modify the source code, you probably know what you are doing so we won’t cover that here.

To install via Package Control, do the following:

1. Within Sublime Text, bring up the [Command Palette][cmd] and type `install`. Among the commands you should see `Package Control: Install Package`. If that command is not highlighted, use the keyboard or mouse to select it. There will be a pause of a few seconds while Package Control fetches the list of available plugins.

1. When the plugin list appears, type `julialint`. Among the entries you should see `SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint`. If that entry is not highlighted, use the keyboard or mouse to select it.

## Settings
There are no settings so far.

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute enhancements or fixes, please do the following:

1. Fork the plugin repository.
1. Hack on a separate topic branch created from the latest `master`.
1. Commit and push the topic branch.
1. Make a pull request.
1. Be patient.  ;-)

Please note that modifications should follow these coding guidelines:

- Indent is 4 spaces.
- Code should pass flake8 and pep257 linters.
- Vertical whitespace helps readability, don’t be afraid to use it.
- Please use descriptive variable names, no abbreviations unless they are very well known.

Thank you for helping out!

[docs]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org
[installation]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation.html
[locating-executables]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/usage.html#how-linter-executables-are-located
[pc]: https://sublime.wbond.net/installation
[cmd]: http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/sublime-text-3/extensibility/command_palette.html
[settings]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/settings.html
[linter-settings]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/linter_settings.html
[inline-settings]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/settings.html#inline-settings

Commit message:

Adding Linux julia path example.

README.md, after:

 SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint
================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SublimeLinter/SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint)

## About

This linter plugin for [SublimeLinter][docs] provides an interface to [julialint](https://github.com/tonyhffong/Lint.jl). It will be used with files that have the “julia” syntax. Currently, it takes some time until it lints, because of the start-up time of the linter, but it should improve with time independently of this linter.

## Installation
SublimeLinter 3 must be installed in order to use this plugin. If SublimeLinter 3 is not installed, please follow the instructions [here][installation].

### Linter installation
Before using this plugin, you must ensure that you have a usable instance of `julia` and have installed a `Lint` package. To install `Lint`, do the following:

1. Open Julia.

2. Input the following:
   ```
   Pkg.update()
   Pkg.add("Lint")
   ```

### Linter configuration

To make it working you need to specify path to your executable of `Julia` and edit the script within the package content. Do the following:

1. Go to `Sublime Text -> Preferences -> Package Settings -> SublimeLinter -> Settings User`

2. Add to paths variable path to your executable of julia:
    - **OS X**: Something like "osx": ["/Applications/julia-0.3.5.app/Contents/Resources/julia/bin"] if you have the binaries (the number changes based on the version) or if you have installed manually you should be able to figure out what path to add.
    - **Linux**: You can find your Julia install with `which julia`. Some Julia installs can be found at `/usr/bin/julia`.
    - **Windows**: you should locate julia.exe .

### Plugin installation
Please use [Package Control][pc] to install the linter plugin. This will ensure that the plugin will be updated when new versions are available. If you want to install from source so you can modify the source code, you probably know what you are doing so we won’t cover that here.

To install via Package Control, do the following:

1. Within Sublime Text, bring up the [Command Palette][cmd] and type `install`. Among the commands you should see `Package Control: Install Package`. If that command is not highlighted, use the keyboard or mouse to select it. There will be a pause of a few seconds while Package Control fetches the list of available plugins.

1. When the plugin list appears, type `julialint`. Among the entries you should see `SublimeLinter-contrib-julialint`. If that entry is not highlighted, use the keyboard or mouse to select it.

## Settings
There are no settings so far.

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute enhancements or fixes, please do the following:

1. Fork the plugin repository.
1. Hack on a separate topic branch created from the latest `master`.
1. Commit and push the topic branch.
1. Make a pull request.
1. Be patient.  ;-)

Please note that modifications should follow these coding guidelines:

- Indent is 4 spaces.
- Code should pass flake8 and pep257 linters.
- Vertical whitespace helps readability, don’t be afraid to use it.
- Please use descriptive variable names, no abbreviations unless they are very well known.

Thank you for helping out!

[docs]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org
[installation]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation.html
[locating-executables]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/usage.html#how-linter-executables-are-located
[pc]: https://sublime.wbond.net/installation
[cmd]: http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/sublime-text-3/extensibility/command_palette.html
[settings]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/settings.html
[linter-settings]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/linter_settings.html
[inline-settings]: http://sublimelinter.readthedocs.org/en/latest/settings.html#inline-settings
